---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "observe_dataset Data Source - terraform-provider-observe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches metadata for an existing Observe dataset.
---

# observe_dataset (Data Source)

Fetches metadata for an existing Observe dataset.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "observe_workspace" "default" {
  name = "Default"
}

data "observe_dataset" "example" {
  workspace = data.observe_workspace.default.oid
  name      = "My Dataset"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Resource ID for this object.
One of `name` or `id` must be set.
- `name` (String) Dataset name. Must be unique within workspace.
One of `name` or `id` must be set. If `name` is provided, `workspace` must be set.
- `workspace` (String) OID of the workspace this object is contained in.

### Read-Only

- `acceleration_disabled` (Boolean)
- `acceleration_disabled_source` (String)
- `correlation_tag` (Block List) Correlation tags associated with this dataset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--correlation_tag))
- `data_table_view_state` (String) JSON representation of state used for dataset formatting in the UI. Not intended to be configured by hand, please use export functionality.
- `description` (String) Dataset description.
- `freshness` (String) Target freshness for results. Tighten the freshness to increase the
frequency with which queries are run, which incurs higher transform costs.
- `icon_url` (String) Icon to be displayed for this object. Icons are sourced from the [fluency-filled](https://icons8.com/icons/fluency-systems-filled) icon set.
- `inputs` (Map of String) The inputs map binds dataset OIDs to labels which can be referenced within
stage pipelines.
- `oid` (String) OID (Observe ID) for this object. This is the canonical identifier that
should be used when referring to this object in terraform manifests.
- `on_demand_materialization_length` (String) The maximum on-demand materialization length for the dataset.
- `path_cost` (Number) Path cost incurred by this dataset when computing graph link. Increasing
this value will reduce the preference for using this dataset when computing
paths between two datasets.
- `stage` (Block List) A stage processes an input according to the provided pipeline. If no
input is provided, a stage will implicitly follow on from the result of
its predecessor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--stage))
- `storage_integration` (String) The ID of the storage integration associated with this dataset.

<a id="nestedblock--correlation_tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `correlation_tag`

Read-Only:

- `column` (String) The column to which the correlation tag should be attached.
- `name` (String) The name to attach.
- `path` (String) If the column is of type "object", a correlation tag can be attached to a
key nested within the object. Standard Javascript notation can be used to specify the path to the key.
For example, say the object has the following structure -
{
  "a": {
    "b": {
      "c": "value"
    }
  }
}
Then the path to the key "c" would be "a.b.c" or "a['b']['c']"


<a id="nestedblock--stage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stage`

Read-Only:

- `alias` (String) The stage alias is the label by which subsequent stages can refer to the
results of this stage.
- `input` (String) The stage input defines what input should be used as a starting point for
the stage pipeline. It must refer to a label contained in `inputs`, or a
previous stage `alias`. The stage input can be omitted if `inputs`
contains a single element.
- `output_stage` (Boolean) A boolean flag used to specify the output stage. Should be used only for
a stage preceding the last stage. The last stage is an output stage by default.
- `pipeline` (String) An OPAL snippet defining a transformation on the selected input.
