---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "observe_monitor_action Data Source - terraform-provider-observe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Monitors provide a flexible way to alert for patterns in your incoming data. A monitor executes a query periodically and applies rules to determine whether to trigger notifications. Notifications are forwarded to subscribed channels, which in turn route notifications to configured channel actions.
---

# observe_monitor_action (Data Source)

Monitors provide a flexible way to alert for patterns in your incoming data. A monitor executes a query periodically and applies rules to determine whether to trigger notifications. Notifications are forwarded to subscribed channels, which in turn route notifications to configured channel actions.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Resource ID for this object.
One of `id` or `name` must be provided
- `name` (String) Monitor name. Must be unique within workspace.
One of `name` or `id` must be set. If `name` is provided, `workspace` must be set.
- `workspace` (String) OID of the workspace this object is contained in.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) A brief description of the monitor.
- `email` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--email))
- `icon_url` (String) Icon to be displayed for this object. Icons are sourced from the [fluency-filled](https://icons8.com/icons/fluency-systems-filled) icon set.
- `notify_on_close` (Boolean) Enables a final update when a monitor action notification is closed (no longer triggered).
- `oid` (String) OID (Observe ID) for this object. This is the canonical identifier that
should be used when referring to this object in terraform manifests.
- `rate_limit` (String) Limits 10 alerts to the defined time period. For email actions the minimum 
is 10m. For webhook actions the minimum is 1s.
- `webhook` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhook))

<a id="nestedatt--email"></a>
### Nested Schema for `email`

Read-Only:

- `body_template` (String)
- `is_html` (Boolean)
- `subject_template` (String)
- `target_addresses` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--webhook"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook`

Read-Only:

- `body_template` (String)
- `headers` (Map of String)
- `method` (String)
- `url_template` (String)
