---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "observe_dataset Resource - terraform-provider-observe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an Observe dataset. User-defined datasets take a datastream's dataset and transform its data using OPAL.
---
# observe_dataset

Manages an Observe dataset. User-defined datasets take a datastream's dataset and transform its data using OPAL.
## Example Usage
```terraform
data "observe_workspace" "default" {
  name = "Default"
}

data "observe_dataset" "observation" {
  workspace = data.observe_workspace.default.oid
  name      = "Observation"
}

resource "observe_dataset" "http_observations" {
  workspace = data.observe_workspace.default.oid
  name      = "HTTP observations"

  inputs = {
    "observation" = data.observe_dataset.observation.oid
  }

  stage {
    pipeline = <<-EOT
      filter OBSERVATION_KIND = "http"
    EOT 
  }
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `inputs` (Map of String) The inputs map binds dataset OIDs to labels which can be referenced within
stage pipelines.
- `name` (String) Dataset name. Must be unique within workspace.
- `stage` (Block List, Min: 1) A stage processes an input according to the provided pipeline. If no
input is provided, a stage will implicitly follow on from the result of
its predecessor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--stage))
- `workspace` (String) OID of the workspace this object is contained in.

### Optional

- `acceleration_disabled` (Boolean) Disables periodic materialization of the dataset
- `description` (String) Dataset description.
- `freshness` (String) Target freshness for results. Reducing the freshness will increase the
frequency with which queries are run, which incurs higher transform costs.
- `icon_url` (String) Icon to be displayed for this object. Icons are sourced from the [fluency-filled](https://icons8.com/icons/fluency-systems-filled) icon set.
- `on_demand_materialization_length` (String) The maximum on-demand materialization length for the dataset.
- `path_cost` (Number) Path cost incurred by this dataset when computing graph link. Increasing
this value will reduce the preference for using this dataset when computing
paths between two datasets.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `oid` (String) OID (Observe ID) for this object. This is the canonical identifier that
should be used when referring to this object in terraform manifests.

<a id="nestedblock--stage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stage`

Optional:

- `alias` (String) The stage alias is the label by which subsequent stages can refer to the
results of this stage.
- `input` (String) The stage input defines what input should be used as a starting point for
the stage pipeline. It must refer to a label contained in `inputs`, or a
previous stage `alias`. The stage input can be omitted if `inputs`
contains a single element.
- `pipeline` (String) An OPAL snippet defining a transformation on the selected input.
## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import observe_dataset.example 1414010
```
