---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "observe_filedrop Resource - terraform-provider-observe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Filedrop loads files from a cloud object storage service (currently S3) directly into Observe, bypassing the Observe collection API. Filedrop is currently in preview and is not available by default. To inquire about Filedrop's availability, contact support@observeinc.com.
---
# observe_filedrop

A Filedrop loads files from a cloud object storage service (currently S3) directly into Observe, bypassing the Observe collection API. Filedrop is currently in preview and is not available by default. To inquire about Filedrop's availability, contact support@observeinc.com.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `datastream` (String) The OID of the datastream that the filedrop loads data into.
- `name` (String) Filedrop name. Must be unique within workspace.
- `workspace` (String) OID of the workspace this object is contained in.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A brief description of the filedrop.
- `icon_url` (String) Icon to be displayed for this object. Icons are sourced from the [fluency-filled](https://icons8.com/icons/fluency-systems-filled) icon set.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `endpoint` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoint))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `oid` (String) OID (Observe ID) for this object. This is the canonical identifier that
should be used when referring to this object in terraform manifests.
- `status` (String) The current running status of the filedrop.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `format` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--format))
- `provider` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--provider))

<a id="nestedblock--config--format"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.format`

Required:

- `type` (String) The file format of the file that you will be dropping.
 Accepted values: parquet, csv, json


<a id="nestedblock--config--provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.provider`

Required:

- `aws` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--provider--aws))

<a id="nestedblock--config--provider--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.provider.aws`

Required:

- `region` (String) The region where the role ARN exists that you will be dropping files to.
- `role_arn` (String) Your IAM role that Observe allows to drop data into the particular filedrop.




<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `s3` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--endpoint--s3))

<a id="nestedobjatt--endpoint--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint.s3`

Read-Only:

- `arn` (String)
- `bucket` (String)
- `prefix` (String)

