---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "observe_monitor_action Resource - terraform-provider-observe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A single kind of alert, such as an email to a particular recipient. A monitor action defines the type (email or webhook), the destination (an email address or webhook URL), and the message template. A monitor action may be used by multiple monitors.
---
# observe_monitor_action

A single kind of alert, such as an email to a particular recipient. A monitor action defines the type (email or webhook), the destination (an email address or webhook URL), and the message template. A monitor action may be used by multiple monitors.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Monitor action name. Must be unique within workspace.
- `workspace` (String) OID of the workspace this object is contained in.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A brief description of the monitor action.
- `email` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--email))
- `icon_url` (String) Icon to be displayed for this object. Icons are sourced from the [fluency-filled](https://icons8.com/icons/fluency-systems-filled) icon set.
- `notify_on_close` (Boolean) Enables a final update when a monitor action notification is closed (no longer triggered).
- `rate_limit` (String) Limits 10 alerts to the defined time period. For email actions the minimum 
is 10m. For webhook actions the minimum is 1s.
- `webhook` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--webhook))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `oid` (String) OID (Observe ID) for this object. This is the canonical identifier that
should be used when referring to this object in terraform manifests.

<a id="nestedblock--email"></a>
### Nested Schema for `email`

Required:

- `body_template` (String)
- `subject_template` (String)
- `target_addresses` (List of String)

Optional:

- `is_html` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--webhook"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook`

Required:

- `body_template` (String)
- `url_template` (String)

Optional:

- `headers` (Map of String)
- `method` (String)

