---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "observe_monitor_v2 Resource - terraform-provider-observe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Monitors provide a configurable way to alert when conditions about incoming data
  are matched. These alerts can optionally also be forwarded to notification receivers
  like email and webhooks using shared or single-monitor actions to configure the
  template and destinations to configure the receiver.
---
# observe_monitor_v2

Monitors provide a configurable way to alert when conditions about incoming data
are matched. These alerts can optionally also be forwarded to notification receivers
like email and webhooks using shared or single-monitor actions to configure the
template and destinations to configure the receiver.
## Example Usage
```terraform
data "observe_workspace" "default" {
  name = "Default"
}

data "observe_dataset" "usage_metrics" {
  workspace = data.observe_workspace.default.oid
  name      = "usage/Observe Usage Metrics"
}

# threshold type monitor
resource "observe_monitor_v2" "example" {
  data_stabilization_delay = "0s"
  description              = "Credit usage monitor"
  inputs = {
    "credits_adhoc_query_from_usage/Observe Usage Metrics" = data.observe_dataset.usage_metrics.oid
  }
  lookback_time = "10m0s"
  name          = "example"
  rule_kind     = "threshold"
  workspace     = data.observe_workspace.default.oid
  groupings {
    link_column {
      name = "Dashboard"
    }
  }
  rules {
    level = "error"
    threshold {
      aggregation       = "all_of"
      value_column_name = "A_credits_adhoc_query_sum"

      compare_values {
        compare_fn = "greater"
        value_float64 = [
          100,
        ]
      }
    }
  }
  stage {
    output_stage = false
    pipeline     = <<-EOT
      align 1m, frame(back: 1h), A_credits_adhoc_query_sum:sum(m("credits_adhoc_query"))
      aggregate A_credits_adhoc_query_sum:sum(A_credits_adhoc_query_sum), group_by(^Dashboard...)
    EOT
  }
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `inputs` (Map of String) The inputs map binds dataset OIDs to labels which can be referenced within
stage pipelines.
- `name` (String) Monitor name.
- `rule_kind` (String) Describes the type of each of the rules in the definition (they must all be the same type).
- `rules` (Block List, Min: 1) All rules for this monitor must be of the same MonitorRuleKind as specified in ruleKind. Rules should be constructed logically such that a state transition null->Warning implies transition from null->Informational. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules))
- `stage` (Block List, Min: 1) A stage processes an input according to the provided pipeline. If no
input is provided, a stage will implicitly follow on from the result of
its predecessor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--stage))
- `workspace` (String) OID of the workspace this object is contained in.

### Optional

- `actions` (Block List) The list of shared actions to which this monitor is connected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--actions))
- `custom_variables` (String)
- `data_stabilization_delay` (String) expresses the minimum time that should elapse before data is considered "good enough" to evaluate. Choosing a delay really depends on the expectations of latency of data and whether data is expected to arrive later than other data and thus would change previously evaluated results.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the monitor.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Enable/Disable the monitor (and any underlying transforms).
- `groupings` (Block List) Describes the groups that logically separate events/rows/etc from each other. If monitor dataset is resource type and monitor strategy is promote, this field should be either empty or only contain the primary keys of the dataset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--groupings))
- `icon_url` (String) URL of the monitor icon.
- `lookback_time` (String) optionally describes a duration that must be satisifed by this monitor. It applies to all rules, but is only applicable to rule kinds that utilize it.
- `max_alerts_per_hour` (Number) overrides the default value of max alerts generated in a single hour before the monitor is deactivated for safety
- `no_data_rules` (Block List, Max: 1) No data rules allows a user to be alerted on missing data for the specified lookback window. When provided, the severity is fixed to the NoData severity. As of today, the max number of no data rules that can be created is 1 for the threshold monitor kind. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--no_data_rules))
- `scheduling` (Block List, Max: 1) Holds information about when the monitor should evaluate. The types of scheduling (interval, transform, and scheduled) are exclusive. If omitted, defaults to transform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scheduling))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `oid` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `level` (String) The alarm level (Critical, Error, Informational, None, Warning).

Optional:

- `count` (Block List, Max: 1) The count rule to apply to incoming data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--count))
- `promote` (Block List, Max: 1) The monitor will promote each event in the raw input dataset into an alert. For now, the promote rule will ignore link columns and only care about columnWithPath.
If multiple compareColumns are specified in one promote rule, it will act as an AND condition. When defined through separate promote rules, it will act as an OR condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--promote))
- `threshold` (Block List, Max: 1) Gives flexibility for threshold and range-based monitors to trigger on values. To look for sustained behavior (CPU > 80 for 5 mins), specify lookbackTime. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--threshold))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--count"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.count`

Required:

- `compare_values` (Block List, Min: 1) list of comparisons that provide an implicit AND where all comparisons must match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--count--compare_values))

Optional:

- `compare_groups` (Block List) list of comparisons made against the columns which the monitor is grouped by. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--count--compare_groups))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--count--compare_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.count.compare_values`

Required:

- `compare_fn` (String) the type of comparison (greater, less, equal, etc.)

Optional:

- `value_bool` (List of Boolean) list of size <=1 consisting of a boolean value.
- `value_duration` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a duration value.
- `value_float64` (List of Number) list of size <=1 consisting of a float value.
- `value_int64` (List of Number) list of size <=1 consisting of an integer value.
- `value_string` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a string value.
- `value_timestamp` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a timestamp value.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--count--compare_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.count.compare_groups`

Required:

- `column` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Represents two possible column types (link column, columnPath) of an observe dataset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--count--compare_groups--column))
- `compare_values` (Block List, Min: 1) list of comparisons that provide an implicit AND where all comparisons must match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--count--compare_groups--compare_values))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--count--compare_groups--column"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.count.compare_groups.column`

Optional:

- `column_path` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies how the user wants to group by a specific column name or a JSON object column that has a path. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--count--compare_groups--column--column_path))
- `link_column` (Block List, Max: 1) Identifies a link-type column created by connecting two different datasets' columns (primary sources & destination sources). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--count--compare_groups--column--link_column))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--count--compare_groups--column--column_path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.count.compare_groups.column.column_path`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the column.

Optional:

- `path` (String) The path of the path, if the name refers to a column with a JSON object.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--count--compare_groups--column--link_column"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.count.compare_groups.column.link_column`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the link column.



<a id="nestedblock--rules--count--compare_groups--compare_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.count.compare_groups.compare_values`

Required:

- `compare_fn` (String) the type of comparison (greater, less, equal, etc.)

Optional:

- `value_bool` (List of Boolean) list of size <=1 consisting of a boolean value.
- `value_duration` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a duration value.
- `value_float64` (List of Number) list of size <=1 consisting of a float value.
- `value_int64` (List of Number) list of size <=1 consisting of an integer value.
- `value_string` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a string value.
- `value_timestamp` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a timestamp value.




<a id="nestedblock--rules--promote"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.promote`

Optional:

- `compare_columns` (Block List) Specifies the one or multiple values you'd like to compare against the column. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--promote--compare_columns))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--promote--compare_columns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.promote.compare_columns`

Required:

- `column` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Represents two possible column types (link column, columnPath) of an observe dataset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--promote--compare_columns--column))
- `compare_values` (Block List, Min: 1) list of comparisons that provide an implicit AND where all comparisons must match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--promote--compare_columns--compare_values))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--promote--compare_columns--column"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.promote.compare_columns.column`

Optional:

- `column_path` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies how the user wants to group by a specific column name or a JSON object column that has a path. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--promote--compare_columns--column--column_path))
- `link_column` (Block List, Max: 1) Identifies a link-type column created by connecting two different datasets' columns (primary sources & destination sources). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--promote--compare_columns--column--link_column))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--promote--compare_columns--column--column_path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.promote.compare_columns.column.column_path`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the column.

Optional:

- `path` (String) The path of the path, if the name refers to a column with a JSON object.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--promote--compare_columns--column--link_column"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.promote.compare_columns.column.link_column`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the link column.



<a id="nestedblock--rules--promote--compare_columns--compare_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.promote.compare_columns.compare_values`

Required:

- `compare_fn` (String) the type of comparison (greater, less, equal, etc.)

Optional:

- `value_bool` (List of Boolean) list of size <=1 consisting of a boolean value.
- `value_duration` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a duration value.
- `value_float64` (List of Number) list of size <=1 consisting of a float value.
- `value_int64` (List of Number) list of size <=1 consisting of an integer value.
- `value_string` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a string value.
- `value_timestamp` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a timestamp value.




<a id="nestedblock--rules--threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.threshold`

Required:

- `aggregation` (String) The query aggregator (AllOf, AnyOf, AvgOf, SumOf) for the value monitor type.
- `value_column_name` (String) Indicates which column in the input query has the value to apply the aggregation.

Optional:

- `compare_groups` (Block List) list of comparisons made against the columns which the monitor is grouped by. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--threshold--compare_groups))
- `compare_values` (Block List) list of comparisons that provide an implicit AND where all comparisons must match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--threshold--compare_values))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--threshold--compare_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.threshold.compare_groups`

Required:

- `column` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Represents two possible column types (link column, columnPath) of an observe dataset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--threshold--compare_groups--column))
- `compare_values` (Block List, Min: 1) list of comparisons that provide an implicit AND where all comparisons must match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--threshold--compare_groups--compare_values))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--threshold--compare_groups--column"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.threshold.compare_groups.column`

Optional:

- `column_path` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies how the user wants to group by a specific column name or a JSON object column that has a path. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--threshold--compare_groups--column--column_path))
- `link_column` (Block List, Max: 1) Identifies a link-type column created by connecting two different datasets' columns (primary sources & destination sources). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--threshold--compare_groups--column--link_column))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--threshold--compare_groups--column--column_path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.threshold.compare_groups.column.column_path`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the column.

Optional:

- `path` (String) The path of the path, if the name refers to a column with a JSON object.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--threshold--compare_groups--column--link_column"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.threshold.compare_groups.column.link_column`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the link column.



<a id="nestedblock--rules--threshold--compare_groups--compare_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.threshold.compare_groups.compare_values`

Required:

- `compare_fn` (String) the type of comparison (greater, less, equal, etc.)

Optional:

- `value_bool` (List of Boolean) list of size <=1 consisting of a boolean value.
- `value_duration` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a duration value.
- `value_float64` (List of Number) list of size <=1 consisting of a float value.
- `value_int64` (List of Number) list of size <=1 consisting of an integer value.
- `value_string` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a string value.
- `value_timestamp` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a timestamp value.



<a id="nestedblock--rules--threshold--compare_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.threshold.compare_values`

Required:

- `compare_fn` (String) the type of comparison (greater, less, equal, etc.)

Optional:

- `value_bool` (List of Boolean) list of size <=1 consisting of a boolean value.
- `value_duration` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a duration value.
- `value_float64` (List of Number) list of size <=1 consisting of a float value.
- `value_int64` (List of Number) list of size <=1 consisting of an integer value.
- `value_string` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a string value.
- `value_timestamp` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a timestamp value.




<a id="nestedblock--stage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stage`

Optional:

- `alias` (String) The stage alias is the label by which subsequent stages can refer to the
results of this stage.
- `input` (String) The stage input defines what input should be used as a starting point for
the stage pipeline. It must refer to a label contained in `inputs`, or a
previous stage `alias`. The stage input can be omitted if `inputs`
contains a single element.
- `output_stage` (Boolean) A boolean flag used to specify the output stage. Should be used only for
a stage preceding the last stage. The last stage is an output stage by default.
- `pipeline` (String) An OPAL snippet defining a transformation on the selected input.


<a id="nestedblock--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions`

Optional:

- `action` (Block List, Max: 1) This value should be used for creating inline private actions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--actions--action))
- `conditions` (Block List, Max: 1) Optional conditions that can be AND'd with levels to match the action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--actions--conditions))
- `levels` (List of String) The alarm level(s) at which this monitor should trigger this shared action.
- `oid` (String) The OID of this shared action. This should be used for existing shared actions.
- `send_end_notifications` (Boolean) If true, notifications will be sent if the monitor stops triggering.
- `send_reminders_interval` (String) Determines how frequently you will be reminded of an ongoing alert.

<a id="nestedblock--actions--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.action`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `description` (String)
- `email` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--actions--action--email))
- `webhook` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--actions--action--webhook))

<a id="nestedblock--actions--action--email"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.action.email`

Required:

- `subject` (String)

Optional:

- `addresses` (List of String)
- `body` (String)
- `fragments` (String)
- `users` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--actions--action--webhook"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.action.webhook`

Required:

- `body` (String)
- `method` (String)
- `url` (String)

Optional:

- `fragments` (String)
- `headers` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--actions--action--webhook--headers))

<a id="nestedblock--actions--action--webhook--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.action.webhook.headers`

Required:

- `header` (String)
- `value` (String)




<a id="nestedblock--actions--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.conditions`

Required:

- `compare_terms` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--actions--conditions--compare_terms))

<a id="nestedblock--actions--conditions--compare_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.conditions.compare_terms`

Required:

- `column` (Block List, Min: 1) The column (left-side) value to evaluate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--actions--conditions--compare_terms--column))
- `comparison` (Block List, Min: 1) The comparison operation and right-side value to evaluate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--actions--conditions--compare_terms--comparison))

<a id="nestedblock--actions--conditions--compare_terms--column"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.conditions.compare_terms.column`

Optional:

- `column_path` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies how the user wants to group by a specific column name or a JSON object column that has a path. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--actions--conditions--compare_terms--column--column_path))
- `link_column` (Block List, Max: 1) Identifies a link-type column created by connecting two different datasets' columns (primary sources & destination sources). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--actions--conditions--compare_terms--column--link_column))

<a id="nestedblock--actions--conditions--compare_terms--column--column_path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.conditions.compare_terms.column.column_path`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the column.

Optional:

- `path` (String) The path of the path, if the name refers to a column with a JSON object.


<a id="nestedblock--actions--conditions--compare_terms--column--link_column"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.conditions.compare_terms.column.link_column`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the link column.



<a id="nestedblock--actions--conditions--compare_terms--comparison"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.conditions.compare_terms.comparison`

Required:

- `compare_fn` (String) the type of comparison (greater, less, equal, etc.)

Optional:

- `value_bool` (List of Boolean) list of size <=1 consisting of a boolean value.
- `value_duration` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a duration value.
- `value_float64` (List of Number) list of size <=1 consisting of a float value.
- `value_int64` (List of Number) list of size <=1 consisting of an integer value.
- `value_string` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a string value.
- `value_timestamp` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a timestamp value.





<a id="nestedblock--groupings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groupings`

Optional:

- `column_path` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies how the user wants to group by a specific column name or a JSON object column that has a path. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--groupings--column_path))
- `link_column` (Block List, Max: 1) Identifies a link-type column created by connecting two different datasets' columns (primary sources & destination sources). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--groupings--link_column))

<a id="nestedblock--groupings--column_path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groupings.column_path`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the column.

Optional:

- `path` (String) The path of the path, if the name refers to a column with a JSON object.


<a id="nestedblock--groupings--link_column"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groupings.link_column`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the link column.



<a id="nestedblock--no_data_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `no_data_rules`

Optional:

- `expiration` (String) Allows for the user to specify how long they'd like the missing data alert to persist for before it resolves by itself. If not provided, the default expiration time will be set to 24 hours. The expiration must be identical across all rules.
- `threshold` (Block List, Max: 1) Adds the ability for threshold monitor to have a no data rule. When this input is provided here, you must provide the aggregation and valueColumnName, while the compareGroups is optional. The compareValues should be left empty. The aggregation and value column provided must be identical across all rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--no_data_rules--threshold))

<a id="nestedblock--no_data_rules--threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `no_data_rules.threshold`

Required:

- `aggregation` (String) The query aggregator (AllOf, AnyOf, AvgOf, SumOf) for the value monitor type.
- `value_column_name` (String) Indicates which column in the input query has the value to apply the aggregation.

Optional:

- `compare_groups` (Block List) list of comparisons made against the columns which the monitor is grouped by. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--no_data_rules--threshold--compare_groups))
- `compare_values` (Block List) list of comparisons that provide an implicit AND where all comparisons must match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--no_data_rules--threshold--compare_values))

<a id="nestedblock--no_data_rules--threshold--compare_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `no_data_rules.threshold.compare_groups`

Required:

- `column` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Represents two possible column types (link column, columnPath) of an observe dataset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--no_data_rules--threshold--compare_groups--column))
- `compare_values` (Block List, Min: 1) list of comparisons that provide an implicit AND where all comparisons must match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--no_data_rules--threshold--compare_groups--compare_values))

<a id="nestedblock--no_data_rules--threshold--compare_groups--column"></a>
### Nested Schema for `no_data_rules.threshold.compare_groups.column`

Optional:

- `column_path` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies how the user wants to group by a specific column name or a JSON object column that has a path. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--no_data_rules--threshold--compare_groups--column--column_path))
- `link_column` (Block List, Max: 1) Identifies a link-type column created by connecting two different datasets' columns (primary sources & destination sources). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--no_data_rules--threshold--compare_groups--column--link_column))

<a id="nestedblock--no_data_rules--threshold--compare_groups--column--column_path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `no_data_rules.threshold.compare_groups.column.column_path`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the column.

Optional:

- `path` (String) The path of the path, if the name refers to a column with a JSON object.


<a id="nestedblock--no_data_rules--threshold--compare_groups--column--link_column"></a>
### Nested Schema for `no_data_rules.threshold.compare_groups.column.link_column`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the link column.



<a id="nestedblock--no_data_rules--threshold--compare_groups--compare_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `no_data_rules.threshold.compare_groups.compare_values`

Required:

- `compare_fn` (String) the type of comparison (greater, less, equal, etc.)

Optional:

- `value_bool` (List of Boolean) list of size <=1 consisting of a boolean value.
- `value_duration` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a duration value.
- `value_float64` (List of Number) list of size <=1 consisting of a float value.
- `value_int64` (List of Number) list of size <=1 consisting of an integer value.
- `value_string` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a string value.
- `value_timestamp` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a timestamp value.



<a id="nestedblock--no_data_rules--threshold--compare_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `no_data_rules.threshold.compare_values`

Required:

- `compare_fn` (String) the type of comparison (greater, less, equal, etc.)

Optional:

- `value_bool` (List of Boolean) list of size <=1 consisting of a boolean value.
- `value_duration` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a duration value.
- `value_float64` (List of Number) list of size <=1 consisting of a float value.
- `value_int64` (List of Number) list of size <=1 consisting of an integer value.
- `value_string` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a string value.
- `value_timestamp` (List of String) list of size <=1 consisting of a timestamp value.




<a id="nestedblock--scheduling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduling`

Optional:

- `interval` (Block List, Max: 1) Should be used to run explicit ad-hoc queries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scheduling--interval))
- `scheduled` (Block List, Max: 1) Should be specified to get wall-clock scheduled evaluation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scheduling--scheduled))
- `transform` (Block List, Max: 1) Should be used to defer scheduling to the transformer and evaluate when data becomes available. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scheduling--transform))

<a id="nestedblock--scheduling--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduling.interval`

Required:

- `interval` (String) How often the monitor should attempt to run.
- `randomize` (String) A maximum +/- to apply to the interval to avoid things like harmonics and work stacking up in parallel.


<a id="nestedblock--scheduling--scheduled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduling.scheduled`

Required:

- `timezone` (String) A timezone is required to ensure that interpretation of scheduling on the wall-clock
is done relative to the desired timezone.

Optional:

- `raw_cron` (String) If specified, the raw cron is a crontab configuration to use to drive the scheduling.


<a id="nestedblock--scheduling--transform"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduling.transform`

Required:

- `freshness_goal` (String) The freshness goal.
## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import observe_monitor_v2.example 1414010
```
