---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "observe_monitor Resource - terraform-provider-observe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Monitors provide a flexible way to alert for patterns in your incoming data. A monitor executes a query periodically and applies rules to determine whether to trigger notifications. Notifications are forwarded to subscribed channels, which in turn route notifications to configured channel actions.
---
# observe_monitor

Monitors provide a flexible way to alert for patterns in your incoming data. A monitor executes a query periodically and applies rules to determine whether to trigger notifications. Notifications are forwarded to subscribed channels, which in turn route notifications to configured channel actions.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `inputs` (Map of String) The inputs map binds dataset OIDs to labels which can be referenced within
stage pipelines.
- `name` (String) Monitor name. Must be unique within workspace.
- `rule` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule))
- `stage` (Block List, Min: 1) A stage processes an input according to the provided pipeline. If no
input is provided, a stage will implicitly follow on from the result of
its predecessor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--stage))
- `workspace` (String) OID of the workspace this object is contained in.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) A long-form comment describing the content of the monitor.
- `definition` (String) Monitor definition in JSON format.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the monitor.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Set to `true` to disable monitor.
- `freshness` (String) Target freshness for results. Reducing the freshness will increase the
frequency with which queries are run, which incurs higher transform costs.
- `icon_url` (String) Icon to be displayed for this object. Icons are sourced from the [fluency-filled](https://icons8.com/icons/fluency-systems-filled) icon set.
- `is_template` (Boolean) This resource is template for creating new monitors
- `notification_spec` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--notification_spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `oid` (String) OID (Observe ID) for this object. This is the canonical identifier that
should be used when referring to this object in terraform manifests.

<a id="nestedblock--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Optional:

- `change` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--change))
- `count` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--count))
- `facet` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--facet))
- `group_by_group` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--group_by_group))
- `log` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--log))
- `promote` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--promote))
- `source_column` (String)
- `threshold` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--threshold))

<a id="nestedblock--rule--change"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.change`

Required:

- `baseline_time` (String)
- `compare_function` (String)
- `lookback_time` (String)

Optional:

- `aggregate_function` (String)
- `change_type` (String)
- `compare_value` (Number, Deprecated)
- `compare_values` (List of Number)


<a id="nestedblock--rule--count"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.count`

Required:

- `compare_function` (String)
- `lookback_time` (String)

Optional:

- `compare_value` (Number, Deprecated)
- `compare_values` (List of Number)


<a id="nestedblock--rule--facet"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.facet`

Required:

- `facet_function` (String)
- `facet_values` (List of String)
- `lookback_time` (String)
- `time_function` (String)

Optional:

- `time_value` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--rule--group_by_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.group_by_group`

Optional:

- `columns` (List of String)
- `group_name` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--rule--log"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.log`

Required:

- `compare_function` (String)
- `lookback_time` (String)

Optional:

- `compare_values` (List of Number)
- `expression_summary` (String)
- `log_stage_index` (Number)
- `source_log_dataset_id` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--rule--promote"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.promote`

Required:

- `primary_key` (List of String)

Optional:

- `description_field` (String)
- `kind_field` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--rule--threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.threshold`

Required:

- `compare_function` (String)
- `lookback_time` (String)

Optional:

- `compare_values` (List of Number)
- `threshold_agg_function` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--stage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stage`

Optional:

- `alias` (String) The stage alias is the label by which subsequent stages can refer to the
results of this stage.
- `input` (String) The stage input defines what input should be used as a starting point for
the stage pipeline. It must refer to a label contained in `inputs`, or a
previous stage `alias`. The stage input can be omitted if `inputs`
contains a single element.
- `output_stage` (Boolean) A boolean flag used to specify the output stage. Should be used only for
a stage preceding the last stage. The last stage is an output stage by default.
- `pipeline` (String) An OPAL snippet defining a transformation on the selected input.


<a id="nestedblock--notification_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_spec`

Optional:

- `importance` (String)
- `merge` (String)
- `notify_on_close` (Boolean) Enables a final update when a monitor notification is closed (no longer triggered).
- `reminder_frequency` (String) How often to send reminders when a monitor notification is triggered.
To disable reminder notifications, omit this attribute.

Read-Only:

- `notify_on_reminder` (Boolean) Whether notification reminders are enabled for this monitor. To enable them, set `reminder_frequency`.

